Refactor notes to recommend using the flex shorthand with keyword values (#38688)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/flex-basis/index.md

The **`flex-basis`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property sets the initial main size of a {{glossary("flex item")}}. It sets the size of the content box unless otherwise set with {{Cssxref("box-sizing")}}.

> [!NOTE]

> > It is recommended to use the {{cssxref("flex")}} shorthand instead of this longhand, as the shorthand correctly resets any unspecified components to accommodate common uses.

Author: And I trust your professional judgment more..

`component longhand` It's just that the term seems a little strange,   and it's probably the first time it's been used in this whole document library

> > It is recommended to use the {{cssxref("flex")}} shorthand instead of this longhand, as the shorthand correctly resets any unspecified components to accommodate common uses.

Reviewer: @estelle sorry, I missed the previous ping from you.

- The suggested phrasing seems to come from the spec: https://drafts.csswg.org/css-flexbox/#flex-basis-property.
- I noticed there are two ways to use the shorthand: one in which we use keywords as `flex` values (as defined at https://drafts.csswg.org/css-flexbox/#flex-common), and second where we use 1-, 2-, or 3-value syntax. I think the original note was referring to the second scenario, but the spec's recommendation is alluding to the first scenario.
- The spec is encouraging to use keyword values like `auto` and `initial`, which will expand to reliable combinations of the three properties. Since the recommendation is based on this premise, we can revise the note to reflect that intent more clearly.
- I also think we can get rid of the sentence "We have separated them here as this document..." – it is kind of  implied.
- The following version of the note aligns with spec's intent for the recommendation. The same note can be very likely used on all the three property pages - ensuring we don't self-reference the page.
```suggestion
> It is recommended to use the {{cssxref("flex")}} shorthand with a keyword value like `auto` or `initial` instead of setting `flex-basis` on its own. The [keyword values](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex#values) expand to reliable combinations of {{cssxref("flex-grow")}}, {{cssxref("flex-shrink")}}, and `flex-basis`, which help to achieve the commonly desired flex behaviors.
```
- BTW, we're missing `auto` in https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex-basis#syntax - might be worth adding it.
